README.rst, before:

|Build Status|

===========
git-seekret
===========

Prevent yourself from committing sensitive information into your repositories.

Description
===========

``git-seekret`` inspects commits and/or staged (and uncommitted) files, to 
prevent you from adding sensitive information into git repositories. You can integrate it 
with git hooks, forcing it to analyze all staged files before they are
included into a commit.


Installing git-seekret
======================

You need the following tools and libraries to make it work properly:

	* glide
	* pkg-config
	* golang >= 1.6
	* libgit >= 2.24


``git-seekret`` uses ``Glide`` to maintain its dependencies.

Follow the instructions for installing Glide: https://github.com/Masterminds/glide#install

::

	glide install
	go build

This builds a binary ``git-seekret``.  Currently, there is no cross platform  way to install ``git-seekret`` (e.g. Install via Brew for OS X). To make the binary widely available to the user, you need to copy it to the system's ``bin`` folder.

::

        cp ./git-seekret /usr/local/bin

Usage
=====

::

	General Options:

	NAME:
	   git-seekret - prevent from committing sensitive information into git repository

	USAGE:
	   git-seekret [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]

	VERSION:
	   0.0.1

	AUTHOR(S):
	   Albert Puigsech Galicia <albert@puigsech.com>

	COMMANDS:
	     config   manage configuration seetings
	     rules    manage rules
	     check    inspect git repository
	     hook     manage git hooks
	     help, h  Shows a list of commands or help for one command

	GLOBAL OPTIONS:
	   --global
	   --help, -h     show help
	   --version, -v  print the version


``--global``


Rules and Exceptions
====================

The definition of rules and exceptions for ``git-seekret`` are defined by the `seekret go library. Proper documentation for this library can be found here:

	https://github.com/apuigsech/seekret

Once you download the secrets, you will need to set your ``SEEKRET_RULES_PATH`` environment variable to point to the location of the rules.
This is needed because by default, the ``seekret`` library will look for the rules in ``$GOPATH/src/github.com/apuigsech/seekret/rules``.


Hands-On
========

The repository seekret-secrets is prepared to test ``git-seekret`, and can be used to perform the following hands-on examples:

::

	$ git clone https://github.com/apuigsech/seekret-secrets

	$ cd seekret-secrets

	$ git seekret config --init
	Config:
		version = 1
		rulespath = /Users/apuigsech/Develop//.go/src/github.com/apuigsech/seekret/rules
		rulesenabled =
		exceptionsfile =

	$ git seekret rules
	List of rules:
		[ ] aws.secret_key
		[ ] aws.access_key
		[ ] certs.rsa
		[ ] certs.generic
		[ ] certs.pgp
		[ ] password.pass
		[ ] password.cred
		[ ] password.password
		[ ] password.pwd
		[ ] unix.passwd

	$ git seekret rules --enable password.password
	List of rules:
		[ ] aws.secret_key
		[ ] aws.access_key
		[ ] certs.generic
		[ ] certs.pgp
		[ ] certs.rsa
		[x] password.password
		[ ] password.pwd
		[ ] password.pass
		[ ] password.cred
		[ ] unix.passwd

	$ git seekret check -c 1   # Check on last commit.
	Found Secrets: 9
		secret_6:2
			- Metadata:
			  commit: 442d574a5e233d9cec7d245f7c85177cd1a827e4
			  uniq-id: e4ac21ceef17fff49d2f0d1fdd46f0abe7d0f62c
			- Rule:
			  password.password
			- Content:
			  password = 's3cr3t'
		secret_8:5
			- Metadata:
			  uniq-id: 373978394eb25268890ebee17966024300f3997b
			  commit: 442d574a5e233d9cec7d245f7c85177cd1a827e4
			- Rule:
			  password.password
			- Content:
			  password = 'thisISnotSECRET'

		... 

	$ git seekret check -s     # Check on staged files.
	Found Secrets: 0

	$ echo "password = 'this is super secret'" > new_file

	$ git add new_file

	$ git seekret check -s
	Found Secrets: 1
		new_file:1
			- Metadata:
			  status: test
			- Rule:
			  password.password
			- Content:
			  password = 'this is super secret'



.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/apuigsech/git-seekret.svg
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/apuigsech/seekret
   :width: 88px
   :height: 20px

Commit message:

Putting back clear mention of "git module"

README.rst, after:

|Build Status|

===========
git-seekret
===========

Git module that prevents you from committing sensitive information into your repositories.

Description
===========

``git-seekret`` inspects commits and/or staged (and uncommitted) files, to 
prevent you from adding sensitive information into git repositories. You can integrate it 
with git hooks, forcing it to analyze all staged files before they are
included into a commit.


Installing git-seekret
======================

You need the following tools and libraries to make it work properly:

	* glide
	* pkg-config
	* golang >= 1.6
	* libgit >= 2.24


``git-seekret`` uses ``Glide`` to maintain its dependencies.

Follow the instructions for installing Glide: https://github.com/Masterminds/glide#install

::

	glide install
	go build

This builds a binary ``git-seekret``.  Currently, there is no cross platform  way to install ``git-seekret`` (e.g. Install via Brew for OS X). To make the binary widely available to the user, you need to copy it to the system's ``bin`` folder.

::

        cp ./git-seekret /usr/local/bin

Usage
=====

::

	General Options:

	NAME:
	   git-seekret - prevent from committing sensitive information into git repository

	USAGE:
	   git-seekret [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]

	VERSION:
	   0.0.1

	AUTHOR(S):
	   Albert Puigsech Galicia <albert@puigsech.com>

	COMMANDS:
	     config   manage configuration seetings
	     rules    manage rules
	     check    inspect git repository
	     hook     manage git hooks
	     help, h  Shows a list of commands or help for one command

	GLOBAL OPTIONS:
	   --global
	   --help, -h     show help
	   --version, -v  print the version


``--global``


Rules and Exceptions
====================

The definition of rules and exceptions for ``git-seekret`` are defined by the `seekret go library. Proper documentation for this library can be found here:

	https://github.com/apuigsech/seekret

Once you download the secrets, you will need to set your ``SEEKRET_RULES_PATH`` environment variable to point to the location of the rules.
This is needed because by default, the ``seekret`` library will look for the rules in ``$GOPATH/src/github.com/apuigsech/seekret/rules``.


Hands-On
========

The repository seekret-secrets is prepared to test ``git-seekret`, and can be used to perform the following hands-on examples:

::

	$ git clone https://github.com/apuigsech/seekret-secrets

	$ cd seekret-secrets

	$ git seekret config --init
	Config:
		version = 1
		rulespath = /Users/apuigsech/Develop//.go/src/github.com/apuigsech/seekret/rules
		rulesenabled =
		exceptionsfile =

	$ git seekret rules
	List of rules:
		[ ] aws.secret_key
		[ ] aws.access_key
		[ ] certs.rsa
		[ ] certs.generic
		[ ] certs.pgp
		[ ] password.pass
		[ ] password.cred
		[ ] password.password
		[ ] password.pwd
		[ ] unix.passwd

	$ git seekret rules --enable password.password
	List of rules:
		[ ] aws.secret_key
		[ ] aws.access_key
		[ ] certs.generic
		[ ] certs.pgp
		[ ] certs.rsa
		[x] password.password
		[ ] password.pwd
		[ ] password.pass
		[ ] password.cred
		[ ] unix.passwd

	$ git seekret check -c 1   # Check on last commit.
	Found Secrets: 9
		secret_6:2
			- Metadata:
			  commit: 442d574a5e233d9cec7d245f7c85177cd1a827e4
			  uniq-id: e4ac21ceef17fff49d2f0d1fdd46f0abe7d0f62c
			- Rule:
			  password.password
			- Content:
			  password = 's3cr3t'
		secret_8:5
			- Metadata:
			  uniq-id: 373978394eb25268890ebee17966024300f3997b
			  commit: 442d574a5e233d9cec7d245f7c85177cd1a827e4
			- Rule:
			  password.password
			- Content:
			  password = 'thisISnotSECRET'

		... 

	$ git seekret check -s     # Check on staged files.
	Found Secrets: 0

	$ echo "password = 'this is super secret'" > new_file

	$ git add new_file

	$ git seekret check -s
	Found Secrets: 1
		new_file:1
			- Metadata:
			  status: test
			- Rule:
			  password.password
			- Content:
			  password = 'this is super secret'



.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/apuigsech/git-seekret.svg
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/apuigsech/seekret
   :width: 88px
   :height: 20px
